#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.0
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.12.14
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4[lxml]==4.11.1
    # via
    #   mdformat-web
    #   nbconvert
beautysh==6.2.1
    # via mdformat-beautysh
black[jupyter]==22.12.0
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mdformat-black
    #   mdformat-configurable-black
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
    #   readme-renderer
blinker==1.5
    # via streamlit
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via panel
build==0.9.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   beautysh
    #   griffe
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
coverage==7.0.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
cryptography==39.0.0
    # via secretstorage
cssbeautifier==1.14.7
    # via mdformat-web
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.19
    # via readme-renderer
editorconfig==0.12.3
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via streamlit
griffe==0.25.3
    # via mkdocstrings-python
identify==2.5.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
    #   mdformat
    #   mkdocs
    #   streamlit
    #   twine
ipykernel==6.19.4
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.8.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.11.4
    # via pylint
jaraco-classes==3.2.3
    # via keyring
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
jsbeautifier==1.14.7
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   mdformat-web
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.6
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.14.4
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
keyring==23.13.1
    # via twine
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
linkify-it-py==1.0.3
    # via markdown-it-py
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   nbconvert
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   mdx-truly-sane-lists
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   panel
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py[linkify]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdformat
    #   mdformat-configurable-black
    #   mdformat-gfm
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdformat==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mdformat-beautysh
    #   mdformat-black
    #   mdformat-config
    #   mdformat-configurable-black
    #   mdformat-footnote
    #   mdformat-frontmatter
    #   mdformat-gfm
    #   mdformat-tables
    #   mdformat-web
mdformat-beautysh==0.1.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-black==0.1.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-config==0.1.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-configurable-black==0.0.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-footnote==0.1.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-frontmatter==0.4.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-gfm==0.3.5
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdformat-tables==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mdformat-gfm
mdformat-web==0.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.3
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdformat-footnote
    #   mdformat-frontmatter
    #   mdformat-gfm
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mdx-truly-sane-lists==1.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-gen-files==0.4.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mkdocs-jupyter==0.22.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mkdocs-material==8.5.11
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.4
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mkdocstrings[python]==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==0.8.3
    # via mkdocstrings
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mypy==0.991
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.5.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
panel==0.14.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
param==1.12.3
    # via
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via black
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   streamlit
pip-tools==6.12.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pkginfo==1.9.5
    # via twine
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==2.21.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyct==0.4.8
    # via panel
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pylint==2.15.9
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pymdown-extensions==9.9
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyviz-comms==2.2.1
    # via panel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
readme-renderer==37.3
    # via twine
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   panel
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via twine
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
rich==13.0.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   twine
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   mdformat-config
    #   mdformat-frontmatter
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semver==2.13.0
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.16.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via black
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdformat-config
    #   streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   mdformat
    #   mypy
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via panel
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-colorama==0.4.15.4
    # via beautysh
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-setuptools==57.4.18
    # via beautysh
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   mypy
    #   panel
    #   pylint
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2022.7
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via streamlit
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==2.2.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via astroid
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
